README-challenge.md, before:

# Desafio_Técnico_Ília_!

Desafio técnico realizados para o processo seletivo da Ília.


## Desafio prático:

- Enhance product service:
    *   [Delete product rpc call](https://github.com/LDeolindo/nameko-devex/blob/master/gateapi/gateapi/api/routers/product.py);
    *   [Wire into smoketest.sh](https://github.com/LDeolindo/nameko-devex/blob/master/test/nex-smoketest.sh);

- Enhance order service:
    *   [List orders rpc call](https://github.com/LDeolindo/nameko-devex/blob/master/gateapi/gateapi/api/routers/order.py);
    *   [Wire into smoketest.sh](https://github.com/LDeolindo/nameko-devex/blob/master/test/nex-smoketest.sh);

- Execute performance test:
    *   Question 1: Why is performance degrading as the test run longer?

    `R: Pois o nível de complexidade e quantidade de carga  vai aumentando com o tempo, deixando o sistema pesado, com isso aumentando o uso de recurso e tempo de respostas. E a quantidade de usuários vai aumentando. Carga X Desempenho e Tempo de Resposta X Número de Usuários. Outras vezes é pelo fato do código estar um pouco ineficiente, com pouca quantidade de dados execute em um tempo X, porém conforme a carga aumenta, pontos falhos do código acabam sendo expostos. Outras vezes a quantidade de recurso utilizado ou até mesmo testes malfeitos.`

    *   Question 2: How do you fix it?

    `R: Aumentando a capacidade de processamento e de recurso. Tentando isolar partes do teste e executando separadamente com a finalidade de verificando se a causa do problema é na escrita do código do teste ou do produto, para tentar realizar correções e deixar o código com uma performance melhor.`

Commit message:

Update README from the technical challenge

README-challenge.md, after:

# Technical_Challenge_Ília_!

Technical challenge performed for the Ília's selection process.


## Challenge:

- Enhance product service:
    *   [Delete product rpc call](https://github.com/LDeolindo/nameko-devex/blob/master/gateapi/gateapi/api/routers/product.py);
    *   [Wire into smoketest.sh](https://github.com/LDeolindo/nameko-devex/blob/master/test/nex-smoketest.sh);

- Enhance order service:
    *   [List orders rpc call](https://github.com/LDeolindo/nameko-devex/blob/master/gateapi/gateapi/api/routers/order.py);
    *   [Wire into smoketest.sh](https://github.com/LDeolindo/nameko-devex/blob/master/test/nex-smoketest.sh);

- Execute performance test:
    *   Question 1: Why is performance degrading as the test run longer?

    `R: Because the complexity level, amount of load and the number of users are increasing over time, making the system heavy, thus increasing resource usage and response time. Load X Resource X Performance. Response Time X Number of Users. Other times it's because the code is a little inefficient: with little amount of data being executed in X time, but as the load increases the time also, thereby code failure points end up being exposed. Sometimes even  the amount of resources used or even bad tests.`

    *   Question 2: How do you fix it?

    `R: Increasing processing and resource capacity. Trying to isolate parts of the test and running them separately in order to verify if the cause of the problem is in the writing of the test or product code, to try to make corrections and make the code perform better. `
